• What a filter ?
 Filters can intercept request header information before it reaches the resource in
the processing pipeline and can therefore be used to create customized authentication
schemes. 
1 Filtering is a standard feature of 
	Ans : all Servlet 2.5–compliant containers.
2 when does filter introduce int servelet technology ?  
	Ans : Servlet 2.3 
3 Some popular uses for filters ? 
	Ans: include authentication, auditing, compression, encryption, and on-the-fly format transformation, to name but a few. 
4  which Servlet further enhances container support of filters by providing filtering for dispatched requests?
	Ans : Servlet 2.5
5 what is filter ?

6 what can filter do?

7 filter can intercept http request header information ?true or false

8 filter can useful in data transformation, explain with an example

9 filter can preerpt the reveing of the particuler resource ?

10 what type of resource does a server serve?Exoain with an graph ( see 401)

11 filter are called by the application server both prior to and subrequest resources processin to the server explain with graph?

12 filter in terface has _ main methods explain each methods (404)

13 define filter definitation and filter mapping (404)

14 draw a diagram of filter life cycle?

15 write 3 methods of filter confiq interface and exptai the funetions?

16 write down filter defination like filter-name,class,param(407) 

17 define filter mapping with an example

18 define /*, /servlet/*,/jsp/*.jsp,/dept/accounting/*

19 draw a graph related to incoming and outgoing request to access web resource?(410)

Security------------------------------

1  what is  Authentication and autharization Describe with a graph ?
2 define Data inteqrity, data privece or confidentiality?
3 Define Realm ?
4 security-constraint dyagram ? (473)
5 what type of  Authentication Mechanisms/methods for Web Applications?(475)
6 how to redirect a jsp page after successfull login?
7 what is error pages and how can you build it?
8 ssl (secure socket layer) ? how does it work? hhtps:// google.com
9 Encription methods SHA , MD5(for php), AES (for Java)



